---
title: "Tutorial 1 on Critical Review"
collection: talks
type: "Tutorial"
permalink: /talks/2023-10-26-tutorial-1
venue: "Graduate School, Beijing Institute of Technology"
date: 2023-10-16
location: "Beijing, China"
---

In the 2023 Fall Academic English Writing course tutorial session, Yingjie provided comprehensive feedback covering three primary areas:
1. Language Feedback

The focus was on refining language usage, emphasizing:

    Topic Stress: Highlighting key points effectively.
    Vivid Verbs and Clear Logic: Encouraging the use of vibrant verbs and coherent logical structures.
    Precision: Emphasizing the need for more refined language.
    Logical Tightness: Striving for tighter logical connections between points.
    Clarity and Fluency: Encouraging clear, fluent expression and restructuring for better readability.

2. Academic Conventions Feedback

This section aimed to align writing with academic norms, including:

    Clarity Enhancement: Clarifying complex academic language for easier comprehension.
    Structure Improvement: Emphasizing the importance of clear, well-structured writing.
    Redundancy Reduction: Focusing on eliminating unnecessary repetition and enhancing the overall structure of the text.

3. Argumentation Feedback

Focusing on strengthening the argumentative aspects:

    Clear Argumentation: Highlighting the need for precise, coherent argument development.
    Evidential Support: Emphasizing the significance of supporting arguments with evidence.
    Critical Evaluation: Encouraging critical thinking and open-ended conclusions.
    Reasoning Enhancement: Strengthening reasoning by suggesting direct application of appropriate methodologies.

The feedback included specific examples with "before" and "after" versions, showcasing improvements in clarity, fluency, and academic adherence. The tutor provided detailed insights into language refinement, adherence to academic norms, and enhancing the effectiveness of argumentation, promoting a more sophisticated and scholarly writing style.
